the nasdaq omx scholarship welcome here
It's a new selman site, so this is it.
one more blog have knowledge does not have
so nothing with thing was so over the top
time that neither she, nor was upon
That time I do not even have another place.
is the willingness to make a scene is
Especially if you have problems here
at home but it does not have anything here at all
Ready, but I want to thank you for everything.
bottom of my heart to you and my friends
next
thiago the Benin and offline to claudia
ids and even plans to keep this lose
the expert will keep his chemical forums
beds and and it 's a five star because
win if you think we'll talk more about
Me, but 30 thousand
when I started the channel I did not even think
which consists of 5,000 with more than 30,000
right and not paste which is very difficult to
be on youtube without me and thiago gift e
I thank you from the bottom of my heart for
all this the winton dog that did not give
now it's just work for it tried and
that's exactly what I tried to do
more and try to put political judgment
gives advice on non-binding
I've done it a lot, it's only possible.
until you get it 12 months two days
until the following days in 2001 baby
boom boom for the next two days is only
very confused because others since
had full size voice tried 1 and
19 years is only a pound down never
Everything and Everyone
This is it but I honestly do not know if it is
more exclusivity in the word about it
huh
we are very grateful for that treated
also reported that the last by
Loan until the end of the morning
then nothing at all and finished in 1 to 1 in
hand up to buffalo
according to him it takes a videographer
she needed to pay a graph
there you want to invest 1 of the
epsilon and allowed me to care in staying
boring a syrup and paul poses in the newspaper I
I do not know why I do not think I was
there very ready and that more mothers and quique
but I do not know what you
They want me to do no what I do.
a blog it's a sin sin also already
You will not have to understand what is
more those mistakes or now no
these lotus want answers so is
a challenging scene that will be like this
You have the comments that you
wanted a baby born on this day of
today took over and today I was not
I got to do what you like
interrupt my day, I have not
I have to do this
so after the bugre the blog too
It transits for you until I'm
surprised you'll see what it is that
No one in my family but a lot
Thank you, I hope these 30,000 are
over 30,000 and 60,000 and 100,000
we continue here we call this is thanks
to all your thanks for all mass
the sun is also easy that's why I
I'm always talking, there's a way
project
but want a ready joke that the paa
door was open
Roberto was not at home or buying
No, it's not the same
But thank you so much for everything, once more.
in the times that there is always a scene well
coming back with nostalgia the potential
types and that will have a role you want
say after president good performance
do this and that's how I'm going to ask
increasing the gain is not even 100
because one thing is sparkling mumm
next blogs and in the bad rape I stayed
Nancy and once again did not like it anymore.
I'm being obliged to everyone to take the
process all a kiss that will be
all and all close but 90
laughs